# Hannah_Burchett_AI_for_Business_Portfolio
Applied AI Solutions for Business and Technology Learning Portfolio - All Projects<br>

Applied AI Solutions for Business and Technology<br>
Hannah Burchett<br>

Reflection Section<br>
The biggest thing I learned throughout these projects was the power of generative AI. Project 1 involved running the provided code and reporting certain values and visualizations. While I saw some neat visualizations, my biggest takeway from Project 1 is a thought: Generative AI could have done things a lot more quickly. Still, running the code and pulling certain values and visualizations was definitely worth it, as I was able to pull the needed pieces myself.<br>
Project 2 still included quite a lot of code to run and edit. The provided code endeavored to predict which entries in the MNIST dataset were entries of the number 5. I first edited the code to predict which entries in the dataset were the number 7. While this task was doable, it was not terribly efficient. However, when I later used generative AI to predict which entires in the dataset were the number 3, it generated code rapidly, and the code only took a couple of minutes to run. In that project, I saw what a time saver AI can be.<br>
Project 3 served as part of my introduction to SVMs. I saw how SVMs worked and brainstormed applications for them in the professional world. While SVMs could theoretically benefit any industry, during this project, I saw how it could benefit the food industry. My biggest takeaway from this project is that SVMs provide a view of how to best balance various factors to benefit all parties in the end. SVMs can balance the supply and demand for items in a grocery store, putting items at just the right price point to sell to customers and create a profit for the grocery store. They can balance customers' desires for drinks in a drink company, keeping drinks at a health standard customers would appreciate while still making them taste wonderful. Truly, the possibilities for SVMs are nearly endless.<br>
Project 4 was a part of an introduction to decision trees. THe two biggest takeaways from this project were the potential applications of decision trees in my industry and the ability of generative AI to create amazing visualizations. Regarding the applications of decision trees in the professional world, my industry quickly came to mind. As an Admissions Data Processor in the admissions department of Southwest Baptist University, I am surrounded daily by the college admissions process. Using a decision tree could further help us focus our recruitment efforts on students who are most likely to enroll at our university based on a variety of factors. I also saw that generative AI could yield incredible visualizations. In this project, AI generated images of a decision tree and a random forest decision boundary. The code to create these visualizations would have taken a human a significant amount of time to write and understand, but AI was able to do it in seconds.<br>
Project 5 centered on PCA, t-SNE, and the differences between the two. PCA reduces the dimensions of data while still keeping as much of a dataset's variance as possible. It can be used in the HR department of any company, as it can narrow down which applicants are the best to hire for an open position based on the factors that have the most variance. t-SNE reduces the dimensions of the data, but unlike PCA, it groups similar data points. It is better for visualization for PCA, as it makes the clusters of data points easier to see.<br>
Project 6 involved examining ANNs. The most important thing I learned from this project was that there are scenarios in which an ANN might not be useful. If an ANN is used alongside technology that does not have high processing power, its lack of processing power and large number of computations can lead to slowness. ANNs can seem incredibly powerful, but they do have their limits. Using the right tool at the right time is even more powerful than an ANN in and of itself.<br>
Project 7 showed me just how powerful generative AI's ability to produce code can be. Trying to write all the code that the project required myself would have been time-consuming and burdensome. Yet I was able to generate and run all of the code for this project in less than an hour by using AI. I saw once again just how much of a time saver AI can be. During this project, I also learned that text can be pre-processed by converting words into their vector representations.<br>
I developed multiple skills through this course. The most useful skill I learned was communicating with AI. I saw that with the right generative AI, communcation that is not fully clear can still yield great results in coding. I also developed the skill of connecting the machine learning facets that I learned about in this course to real-world scenarios. This skill could bring great benefit to my business doings in the future.<br>
These projects were excellent tools to prepare me for real-world machine learning tasks. They gave me an overview of various tools that I can use in my business tasks in the future. They also encouraged me to make connections between these tools and real-world scenarios, leading me to brainstorm about various industries that could benefit from these tools. These projects provided a machine learning foundation that I can use in my professional life.<br>

AI Statement<br>
Generative AI, in this case, Google Gemini, was quite helpful to me throughout this course. The provided code in Projects 2-6 had errors, and Gemini was able to explain the reasoning behind each error and fix it. Gemini was also able to create intricate code that could perform a variety of tasks, visualization being the most notable of these. While Gemini created code for several of these projects, Project 7 is the project where it created by far the most code, as it wrote almost all of the code in the project. Occasionally, I also used Gemini to explain a machine learning concept.<br>

Projects Completed in this Course:<br>
Project 1 Chapter 1: Machine Learning Review<br>
Project 2 Chapter 3: Classification<br>
Project 3 Chapter 5: Support Vector Machines<br>
Project 4 Chapter 6: Decision Trees<br>
Project 5 Chapter 8: Dimensionality Reduction<br>
Project 6 Chapter 10: Artificial Neural Networks<br>
Project 7 Chapter 16: Natural Language Processing<br>

Link to the Project Notebooks:<br>
[Link to project on Google](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1umifQ6rE7QDW6paeDKRn796_rFsJENGU?usp=drive_link)
